README.md, before:

![Bower version](https://img.shields.io/bower/v/vaadin-combo-box.svg)
[![Published on webcomponents.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-published-blue.svg)](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/vaadin/vaadin-combo-box)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vaadin/vaadin-combo-box.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vaadin/vaadin-combo-box)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/vaadin/vaadin-core-elements?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

# &lt;vaadin-combo-box&gt;

[Live Demo ↗](https://cdn.vaadin.com/vaadin-core-elements/master/vaadin-combo-box/demo/)

[&lt;vaadin-combo-box&gt;](https://vaadin.com/elements/-/element/vaadin-combo-box) is a [Polymer](http://polymer-project.org) element combining a dropdown list with an input field for filtering the list of items, part of the [Vaadin Core Elements](https://vaadin.com/elements).

<!--
```
<custom-element-demo height="300">
  <template>
    <script src="../webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-lite.js"></script>
    <link rel="import" href="../iron-ajax/iron-ajax.html">
    <link rel="import" href="../paper-item/all-imports.html">
    <link rel="import" href="vaadin-combo-box.html">
    <next-code-block></next-code-block>
  </template>
</custom-element-demo>
```
-->
```html
<div>
  <style is="custom-style">
    paper-icon-item {
      margin: -13px -16px;
    }
    paper-icon-item img {
      border-radius: 50%;
    }
  </style>
  <template is="dom-bind">
    <iron-ajax url="https://randomuser.me/api?results=100&inc=name,email,picture" last-response="{{response}}" auto></iron-ajax>

    <vaadin-combo-box items="[[response.results]]" item-value-path="email" item-label-path="email">
      <template>
        <paper-icon-item>
          <img src="[[item.picture.thumbnail]]" item-icon>
          <paper-item-body two-line>
            <div>[[item.name.first]] [[item.name.last]]</div>
            <div secondary>[[item.email]]</div>
          </paper-item-body>
        </paper-icon-item>
      </template>
    </vaadin-combo-box>
  </template>
</div>

```

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vaadin/vaadin-combo-box/master/docs/img/vaadin-combo-box-item-template-material.png" width="311" alt="Screenshot of vaadin-combo-box" />](https://vaadin.com/elements/-/element/vaadin-combo-box)


## Contributing

1. Fork the `vaadin-combo-box` repository and clone it locally.

1. Make sure you have [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed.

1. When in the `vaadin-combo-box` directory, run `npm install` to install dependencies.


## Running demos and tests in browser

1. Install [polyserve](https://www.npmjs.com/package/polyserve): `npm install -g polyserve`

1. When in the `vaadin-combo-box` directory, run `polyserve --open`, browser will automatically open the component API documentation.

1. You can also open demo or in-browser tests by adding **demo** or **test** to the URL, for example:

  - http://127.0.0.1:8080/components/vaadin-combo-box/demo
  - http://127.0.0.1:8080/components/vaadin-combo-box/test


## Running tests from the command line

1. Install [web-component-tester](https://www.npmjs.com/package/web-component-tester): `npm install -g web-component-tester`

1. When in the `vaadin-combo-box` directory, run `wct` or `npm test`


## Following the coding style

We are using [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) for linting JavaScript code. You can check if your code is following our standards by running `gulp lint`, which will automatically lint all `.js` files as well as JavaScript snippets inside `.html` files.


## Creating a pull request

  - Make sure your code is compliant with our code linters: `gulp lint`
  - Check that tests are passing: `npm test`
  - [Submit a pull request](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-pull-request-on-github) with detailed title and description
  - Wait for response from one of Vaadin Elements team members


## License

Apache License 2.0

Commit message:

update readme.md : Add fixes applied to element

README.md, after:

![Bower version](https://img.shields.io/bower/v/vaadin-combo-box.svg)
[![Published on webcomponents.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-published-blue.svg)](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/vaadin/vaadin-combo-box)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vaadin/vaadin-combo-box.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vaadin/vaadin-combo-box)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/vaadin/vaadin-core-elements?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)

# &lt;vaadin-combo-box&gt;

[Live Demo ↗](https://cdn.vaadin.com/vaadin-core-elements/master/vaadin-combo-box/demo/)

[&lt;vaadin-combo-box&gt;](https://vaadin.com/elements/-/element/vaadin-combo-box) is a [Polymer](http://polymer-project.org) element combining a dropdown list with an input field for filtering the list of items, part of the [Vaadin Core Elements](https://vaadin.com/elements).

<!--
```
<custom-element-demo height="300">
  <template>
    <script src="../webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-lite.js"></script>
    <link rel="import" href="../iron-ajax/iron-ajax.html">
    <link rel="import" href="../paper-item/all-imports.html">
    <link rel="import" href="vaadin-combo-box.html">
    <next-code-block></next-code-block>
  </template>
</custom-element-demo>
```
-->
```html
<div>
  <style is="custom-style">
    paper-icon-item {
      margin: -13px -16px;
    }
    paper-icon-item img {
      border-radius: 50%;
    }
  </style>
  <template is="dom-bind">
    <iron-ajax url="https://randomuser.me/api?results=100&inc=name,email,picture" last-response="{{response}}" auto></iron-ajax>

    <vaadin-combo-box items="[[response.results]]" item-value-path="email" item-label-path="email">
      <template>
        <paper-icon-item>
          <img src="[[item.picture.thumbnail]]" item-icon>
          <paper-item-body two-line>
            <div>[[item.name.first]] [[item.name.last]]</div>
            <div secondary>[[item.email]]</div>
          </paper-item-body>
        </paper-icon-item>
      </template>
    </vaadin-combo-box>
  </template>
</div>

```

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vaadin/vaadin-combo-box/master/docs/img/vaadin-combo-box-item-template-material.png" width="311" alt="Screenshot of vaadin-combo-box" />](https://vaadin.com/elements/-/element/vaadin-combo-box)


## Contributing

1. Fork the `vaadin-combo-box` repository and clone it locally.

1. Make sure you have [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) installed.

1. When in the `vaadin-combo-box` directory, run `npm install` to install dependencies.


## Running demos and tests in browser

1. Install [polyserve](https://www.npmjs.com/package/polyserve): `npm install -g polyserve`

1. When in the `vaadin-combo-box` directory, run `polyserve --open`, browser will automatically open the component API documentation.

1. You can also open demo or in-browser tests by adding **demo** or **test** to the URL, for example:

  - http://127.0.0.1:8080/components/vaadin-combo-box/demo
  - http://127.0.0.1:8080/components/vaadin-combo-box/test


## Running tests from the command line

1. Install [web-component-tester](https://www.npmjs.com/package/web-component-tester): `npm install -g web-component-tester`

1. When in the `vaadin-combo-box` directory, run `wct` or `npm test`


## Following the coding style

We are using [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) for linting JavaScript code. You can check if your code is following our standards by running `gulp lint`, which will automatically lint all `.js` files as well as JavaScript snippets inside `.html` files.


## Creating a pull request

  - Make sure your code is compliant with our code linters: `gulp lint`
  - Check that tests are passing: `npm test`
  - [Submit a pull request](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-pull-request-on-github) with detailed title and description
  - Wait for response from one of Vaadin Elements team members
  
## Fixes applied to vaadin-combo box

  - Reset `value` when selected item is removed from `items` array
  - Update `filteredItems` when `items` is changed at any level
  - Remove `pointer-events: none` on body when combobox is opened


## License

Apache License 2.0
